Let you come and help
Ok Mr. Gu
Gu Yunting
I will appear with you in front of him afterwards
It will definitely be exposed on the spot. If you don't believe it
What are you dawdling for?
Ah, I met his friend.
Just said a few words to him
There he is.
Ah!
What about people? Don't worry about people
Go get me something to eat and drink
Ok boss
Well, I'll go first then.
If it weren't for the critical moment of passing Yunting
Chose to let him hit the back beam himself
I'm afraid I can't keep the baby in my belly
Why don't you buy him a dress?
Mr. Gu, I'm back.
So long no one
I thought you were lost.
I see what you're wearing now.
The number suit is too small.
So I went and bought you a set that fits
Just a little cheap
Not as high-end as the stuff you usually wear
How cheap is it?
Better than this one on me
Hmm that
I'm going to change my clothes too